
Java Project Point

* Designed and implemented usage data record (UDR) by using the myna API to read the data on a TCP/IP connection from the network devices and used Websphere MQ, MDB's to consume the UDR records and processed.
* Implemented pound data functionality by using Structs, EJB'S, XML and JPA.
* Implemented the global router functionality(Custom ESB layer) to route the request and to throttle the request by using the Servlet's, xml and xslt functionality.
* Implemented loader functionality by using MDB, JPA and hastlecast.(check spelling)
* Developed the just in time rating support applications by using structs, and DAO's.
* Implemented Recon application, by processing the files generated to sync the data generated between two systems(MainFrame and Just in time rating application).
* Can resuse the coonections
* implemented httppooling to make a call to the grid service,  by using the Apache Http client 4.x. This improved the performance, response time and CPU performance.






We are responsible ae re responsible for on call

devops skills we moved the non prod environments form the on perm data center to the cloud.
i came from development background and solved several development issue

coming to my topoloy im talking about production environement



one chasis and each chasis has four blade servers
you can add blades(Servers)
We have 16 servers 
4 chasis X 4 blades

each core has 2 hardware threads..
Each server has
	64 core and 256 Gib ram
we have three datacenters
orb 
these are the cisco blades

Vm concept in linux

these are solid physical servers

3 datacenter
orengeburg sacremento twinsburg

our application is mainly for usage data.
End user makes a call
when you login to the myverizon site and type pound data or 
if you type pound data on the cellphone we get request wil come to our servers and we will serve the usage data.

We will have a GSS(Global Site Selector) which will send a request based om the proximity to the nearest load balancer.

From there we will get the request to the IHS layers and through the plugin we will get a request to the Was layers and to the database layer and from the database we will serve the request to the user.

at a given point of we get a maximum of .... users.


the first page you'll see a portlet which is the data coming from our servers.

we get the usage data records from a platform called rtr (real time rating) which is a network elemetns , from that we get the data to our mq queues, we process that and store the data into our databases 

our system is mainly rating and billing system